how to restrict access for particular iam role?
ssl and https certificates difference?
private subnet create terraform aws?
certficate configuration in application load balancer aws?
how to import custom certificate in application load balancer aws
what will happen to root volume when we change the instance type?
how to access ec2 console?
how to give read access to user in s3 bucket?
rancher kubernetes
How can I know if a branch has been already merged into master?
heapster kubernetes?
service account in kubernetes
How To Dockerize An Application
what is virtual directory
how to update the deployment file in kubernetes
How to do Canary Deployments on Kubernetes
How to build a zero-downtime application on Kubernetes
How do I configure AWS network load balancers to route HTTPS traffic with Terraform?
firewall configuration in network load balancer aws?
how to change user permissions in github repository
how to use two subscriptions in terraform how use it
Deploy to Multiple Azure Subscriptions in Single Project
how to install custom plugin in jenkins
how to use slave in jenkins declarative pipeline
Kubernetes ImagePullBackOff error: what you need to know
how to create metrics in prometheus
how to enable metrics server in kubernetes
raft database kubernetes
master node goes down what happens
Docker Container Lifecycle Management:
create dashboard in grafana prometheus
How to Debug and Fix Common Docker Issues
ansible playbook usage
build error maven
how to ignore the test goal in maven
maven goals list
Check in to a folder that is controlled by a gated check-in build process
Azure DevOps – Configure Self Hosted Agent for Azure Pipelines
liveness probe not working how to troubleshoot
quality profile and quality gate
how could access templates in azure devops
template variables azure devops
different types of variables in azure devops
types of gates in azure devops
how to define self hosted agent in yaml pipeline
azure yaml pipeline for msbuild project sample code

------------------------------------------------------------
28-Sep-2022

what is velocity in agile methodology?
what cloud computing?
data center as a service vs cloud?
docker compose file for python redis postgres database?
ec2 vm creation using terraform?
how to create iam role and policy for lambda function and dynamodb?
how to pass variable from one module to another module in terraform?
how to connect on premises server for security jenkins pipeline?
how to automate aws access key rotation?
--------------------------------------------------------------------
29-Sep-2022 Hitachi

terraform modules
terraform work flow
create azure vm using terraform
what is autoscalling in azure
terraform commands
null resource in terraform?
------------------------------------------------------------------
29-Sep-2022  LTI 

sonarqube how to ignore files
kubernetes cluster create minimum requirements
kubernetes deployment file explained
what is template in deployment file k8s
how to map docker volume
docker volumes
how to do port mapping in docker
docker commands list
code coverage sonarqube
how to create custom rule in sonarqube
difference between jenkins and azure devops
how to find logs in jenkins
how to create environment variable in jenkins
jenkins default variables
How do I resolve merge conflicts in a Git repository?
git squash
branching strategy in git

-----------------------------------------------------------------
29-Sep-2022 CapGemini

deploy static website using route53 using existing domain terraform?
open file and update the file to another in linux?
how to open file in every 5 mnts for updated files in linux
multistage dockerfile usage?
volume mounts in kubernetes?
another name of replica set in kubernetes?
kubernetes describe yaml file?
metadata kubernetes?
can we cluster using another cluster in kubernetes

internet gateway
----------------------------------------------------
30-Sep-2022  - TechMahendra Client round

how to check pod logs?
how to upload image to docker hub?
sandbox error in kubernetes?
vpc peering configuration aws?
volume types in aws?
Can we attached EBS volume to multiple ec2 instance ?
Difference EFS and EBS?
nacl and security group in aws?
how to handle master node and worker node in eks?
pod debug kubernetes?
how to check service not accessible in pod kubernetes?
troubleshooting service kubernetes?
how to know service is access to another pod in kubernetes?
namespace kubernetes?
imagepullbackoff kubernetes?
crashloopbackoff kubernetes pod?
issues in kubernetes?
secrets kubernetes?
explain kubernetes deployment yaml?
how to enable cni in kubernetes cluster?
cni use in kubernetes?
kubernetes cluster installation on ubuntu?

-----------------------------------------------------------



how to increase ebs volume in aws ec2?
without expose 22 port how copy file to another server command line?
how to check database connection from web server through linux command?
maven command to build
advantages of master slave in jenkins
what are required plugins for freestyle job
how to delete running container in docker?
how to check running process in docker container?
docker entrypoint usage?
how to find what changes i have done in file before commit git?
how to check 2 days git commits?
git checkout filename what will happen?
how to access vm without open port in aws console? ans:- session manager
key pair lost aws how to connect to ec2 instance?
how to access private web application in through internet in aws?
security to building infrastructure aws?




























